Let’s begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

I am a woman.

What about your racial/ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

I am of Chinese descent.

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing? If it’s a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree(s) in?

I am currently pursuing a Master of Science in Information Systems at Cu boulder. My undergraduate degree was in Information Systems from CU Boulder.

When did you take Calculus I at CU?

I took Calculus I at CU in the spring 2019.

And what was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to Calculus 1?

The highest mathematics course that I took before I got to Calculus 1 was Pre-Calculus

What field did you think you wanted to go into before Calculus 1? Did taking Calculus 1 change that at all?

I was interested in going into engineering before I took Calculus 1, but the course didn't really change that. I'm still interested in engineering and think it would be a great career choice.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why? Did you feel motivated to continue to Calculus 2?

I felt like I had a good conceptual understanding of the material in Calculus 1. I was motivated to continue to Calculus 2 because I wanted to further my understanding of the concepts.

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the [calculus] class? The easiest?

I found the topics on limits and derivatives to be the hardest topics in the class. The easiest topics were probably on integration and differentiation.

Before you took Calculus 1, can you describe the mental image you had of a STEM scientist or researcher? What did they look like?

Before I took Calculus 1, I thought of a STEM scientist or researcher as someone who was very intelligent and knew a lot about math and science. They were probably someone who wore glasses and was always working on some sort of experiment or project.

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1? Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

I was interested in math and science before taking Calculus 1. I didn't really feel like these related to calculus, but I was interested in the concepts nonetheless.

I want to ask you some questions about your instructor now. You may not remember all the specifics; that is totally fine. First, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

I remember the instructor praising my work often. They were always very encouraging and supportive.

How often would you say that you received partial credit?

I would say that I received partial credit often. The instructor was always willing to give partial credit for work that was partially correct.

How often did the instructor call on you in class when you raised your hand? What about when you didn’t raise your hand?

The instructor called on me often when I raised my hand. They also called on me sometimes when I didn't raise my hand, but I don't remember how often that happened.

Did you feel like you had a good Calculus I instructor? As in: did they explain topics well, listen to you, and help you to understand the hard topics? Were they available for office hours? Did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

I felt like I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were available for office hours and did show me the applications of what I was learning.

How was your Calculus I classroom run? As in: did the instructor lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kinds of assignments and assessments did you have? Were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

The classroom was run well. The instructor lectured, showed us how to do example problems, and allowed us to work with other students. We had a variety of assignments and assessments, including class discussions and input from students.

Did you end up taking Calculus II? Why or why not?

I ended up taking Calculus II because I wanted to further my understanding of the concepts.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful!!

You're welcome. Thank you for the opportunity to participate in this interview.
