Let’s begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

Not at all! I am male.

What about your racial/ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

I don't mind sharing my background with you. I am of Chinese descent.

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing? If it’s a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree(s) in?

I am currently pursuing a PhD in Artificial Intelligence. My undergraduate degree was in Computer Science.

When did you take Calculus I at CU?

I took Calculus I at CU in Spring 2019.

And what was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to Calculus 1?

The highest mathematics course I took before Calculus 1 was Precalculus.

What field did you think you wanted to go into before Calculus 1? Did taking Calculus 1 change that at all?

I wanted to go into the field of computer science before taking Calculus 1. However, after taking Calculus 1, I became interested in mathematics as well and decided to minor in mathematics.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why? Did you feel motivated to continue to Calculus 2?

I felt like I did well in the class in terms of my conceptual understanding. I was motivated to continue to Calculus 2 because I found the material to be interesting and enjoyed the challenge of the course.

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the [calculus] class? The easiest?

The hardest topic taught in the calculus class was integration. The easiest topic was differentiation.

Before you took Calculus 1, can you describe the mental image you had of a STEM scientist or researcher? What did they look like?

Before I took Calculus 1, my mental image of a STEM scientist or researcher was that they were white-collar workers who worked in offices.

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1? Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

Some of my academic interests before taking Calculus 1 were computer science and mathematics. I felt that these related to calculus because they are both logical and require critical thinking.

I want to ask you some questions about your instructor now. You may not remember all the specifics; that is totally fine. First, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

I remember the instructor praising my work frequently.

How often would you say that you received partial credit?

I would say that I received partial credit frequently.

How often did the instructor call on you in class when you raised your hand? What about when you didn’t raise your hand?

The instructor called on me in class frequently when I raised my hand. They also called on me occasionally when I didn't raise my hand.

#I felt fine when I was called on when my hand wasn't raised.

Did you feel like you had a good Calculus I instructor? As in: did they explain topics well, listen to you, and help you to understand the hard topics? Were they available for office hours? Did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

I felt that I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were also available for office hours and showed me the applications of what I was learning.

How was your Calculus I classroom run? As in: did the instructor lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kinds of assignments and assessments did you have? Were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

The Calculus I classroom was run well. The instructor lectured a lot, but also showed us how to do example problems. We were allowed to work with other students, and we had a variety of assignments and assessments, including class discussions and input from students.

Did you end up taking Calculus II? Why or why not?

Yes, I ended up taking Calculus II. I found the material to be interesting and enjoyed the challenge of the course.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful!!

Thank you for interviewing me. I enjoyed sharing my experiences with you.
