Let’s begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

I do not mind. I am male.

What about your racial/ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

I do not mind. I am white.

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing? If it’s a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree(s) in?

I am currently pursuing a Masters in Artificial Intelligence. I completed my undergraduate degree in Computer Science.

When did you take Calculus I at CU?

I took Calculus I in Spring 2020.

And what was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to Calculus 1?

I had previously taken Linear Algebra.

What field did you think you wanted to go into before Calculus 1? Did taking Calculus 1 change that at all?

Before I took Calculus 1, I thought I wanted to go into the field of computer science. Calculus 1 didn't really change that for me, but it did solidify my interest in mathematics and physics.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why? Did you feel motivated to continue to Calculus 2?

I felt like I did pretty well in Calculus 1 in terms of my conceptual understanding. I was motivated to continue on to Calculus 2 because I found the material interesting and wanted to learn more.

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the [calculus] class? The easiest?

I found the hardest topics in Calculus 1 to be limits and derivatives. The easiest topics were integration and differentiation.

Before you took Calculus 1, can you describe the mental image you had of a STEM scientist or researcher? What did they look like?

Before I took Calculus 1, I imagined that a STEM scientist or researcher would look like someone who was really good at math and science.

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1? Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

Some of my academic interests before taking Calculus 1 were computer science and mathematics. I didn't really feel like these related to calculus at all, but I found the material interesting nonetheless.

I want to ask you some questions about your instructor now. You may not remember all the specifics; that is totally fine. First, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

I remember the instructor praising my work regularly.

How often would you say that you received partial credit?

I would say that I received partial credit fairly often.

How often did the instructor call on you in class when you raised your hand? What about when you didn’t raise your hand?

The instructor called on me in class fairly often when I raised my hand. When I didn't raise my hand, the instructor didn't call on me as often.

#I didn't mind being called on when my hand wasn't raised. I was just happy to be able to participate in the class.

Did you feel like you had a good Calculus I instructor? As in: did they explain topics well, listen to you, and help you to understand the hard topics? Were they available for office hours? Did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

I felt like I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were available for office hours and showed me the applications of what I was learning.

How was your Calculus I classroom run? As in: did the instructor lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kinds of assignments and assessments did you have? Were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

Our Calculus I classroom was quite structured. The instructor lectured a lot and showed us how to do example problems. We were allowed to work with other students, but there wasn't a lot of opportunity for class discussion or input from students. The assignments and assessments were mostly focused on problem-solving and understanding the concepts.

Did you end up taking Calculus II? Why or why not?

I did end up taking Calculus II. I wanted to continue learning the material and I thought it would be useful for my future studies.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful!!nano

Thank you for having me. It was my pleasure to participate.
