Let’s begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

Not at all. I identify as female.

What about your racial/ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

I am of Asian descent.

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing? If it’s a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree(s) in?

I am a sophomore undergraduate student pursuing a degree in Psychology

When did you take Calculus I at CU?

I took it last fall.

And what was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to Calculus 1?

I took Pre-Calculus in high school.

What field did you think you wanted to go into before Calculus 1? Did taking Calculus 1 change that at all?

Before taking Calculus 1, I thought I wanted to go into a field that did not require much math. However, after taking the class and enjoying it, I am now considering a major that will require more mathematics.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why? Did you feel motivated to continue to Calculus 2?

I felt like I did fairly well in Calculus 1. I was motivated to continue to Calculus 2 because I enjoyed the class and wanted to further my understanding of mathematics.

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the [calculus] class? The easiest?

The hardest topic for me was limits. The easiest topic was derivatives.

Before you took Calculus 1, can you describe the mental image you had of a STEM scientist or researcher? What did they look like?

Before I took Calculus 1, I thought of a STEM scientist or researcher as someone who was extremely intelligent and good at math. They usually looked like they were in their late 20s or early 30s, and they were usually white or Asian.

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1? Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

My academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1 included psychology, sociology, and history. I did not feel like these were related to calculus at all.

I want to ask you some questions about your instructor now. You may not remember all the specifics; that is totally fine. First, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

I remember the instructor praising my work intermittently throughout the semester.

How often would you say that you received partial credit?

I would say that I received partial credit on a majority of the assignments.

How often did the instructor call on you in class when you raised your hand? What about when you didn’t raise your hand?

The instructor called on me in class when I raised my hand occasionally. When I didn’t raise my hand, the instructor seldom called on me.

#I felt a little bit uncomfortable when I was called on when my hand wasn't raised.

Did you feel like you had a good Calculus I instructor? As in: did they explain topics well, listen to you, and help you to understand the hard topics? Were they available for office hours? Did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

Yes, I felt like I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were available for office hours, and they showed me the applications of what I was learning.

How was your Calculus I classroom run? As in: did the instructor lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kinds of assignments and assessments did you have? Were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

The Calculus I classroom was run fairly well. The instructor lectured occasionally, showed us how to do example problems, and allowed us to work with other students. We had a variety of assignments and assessments, including class discussions and input from students.

Did you end up taking Calculus II? Why or why not?

I did not end up taking Calculus II because I decided to pursue a different major.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful!!

No problem, thank you for the opportunity!
