Let’s begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

Not at all! I am male.

What about your racial/ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

I am of Asian descent.

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing? If it’s a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree(s) in?

I am currently working towards my PhD in Computer Science. I completed my undergraduate studies in Computer Science and Mathematics. I am currently working towards my PhD in Computer Science. I completed my undergraduate studies in Computer Science and Mathematics.

When did you take Calculus I at CU?

I took Calculus I at CU during the Fall semester of 2018.

And what was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to Calculus 1?

The highest mathematics course that I took before I got to Calculus 1 was Pre-Calculus.

What field did you think you wanted to go into before Calculus 1? Did taking Calculus 1 change that at all?

I thought I wanted to go into the field of computer science before taking Calculus 1. However, after taking Calculus 1, I realized that I was more interested in mathematics and decided to pursue that field instead.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why? Did you feel motivated to continue to Calculus 2?

I felt like I did fairly well in the class in terms of my conceptual understanding. I was motivated to continue to Calculus 2 because I found it to be a challenging and interesting subject.

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the [calculus] class? The easiest?

I found the hardest topics in the class to be limits and continuity. The easiest topics were differentiation and integration

Before you took Calculus 1, can you describe the mental image you had of a STEM scientist or researcher? What did they look like?

Before taking Calculus 1, I had a mental image of a STEM scientist or researcher as someone who was white, male, and middle-aged.

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1? Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

Some of my academic interests before taking Calculus 1 included computer science and mathematics. I did not feel like these related to calculus at all.

I want to ask you some questions about your instructor now. You may not remember all the specifics; that is totally fine. First, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

I remember the instructor praising my work occasionally.

How often would you say that you received partial credit?

I received partial credit on a few occasions.

How often did the instructor call on you in class when you raised your hand? What about when you didn’t raise your hand?

The instructor called on me in class occasionally, both when I raised my hand and when I didn’t.

Did you feel like you had a good Calculus I instructor? As in: did they explain topics well, listen to you, and help you to understand the hard topics? Were they available for office hours? Did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

Yes, I felt like I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were also available for office hours and showed me the applications of what I was learning.

How was your Calculus I classroom run? As in: did the instructor lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kinds of assignments and assessments did you have? Were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

The instructor in my Calculus I classroom lectured a lot and showed us how to do example problems. We were allowed to work with other students, and we had assignments and assessments that were both individual and group-based. There were also class discussions where input was allowed from students.

Did you end up taking Calculus II? Why or why not?

Yes, I ended up taking Calculus II. I found it to be a challenging and interesting subject that I wanted to learn more about.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful!!

Thank you for interviewing me!
