Let’s begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

I am non-binary

What about your racial/ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

I am Native descent.

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing? If it’s a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree(s) in?

I am currently getting my Bachelors in Molecular, cellular and developmental biology

When did you take Calculus I at CU?

Spring 2022.

And what was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to Calculus 1?

I took pre-calculus before in highschool.

What field did you think you wanted to go into before Calculus 1? Did taking Calculus 1 change that at all?

I wanted to go into the biomedical field and calculus did not change that really.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why? Did you feel motivated to continue to Calculus 2?

I feel like I didn’t get much conceptual understanding of the course work, because the class was very fast paced. I was not motivated to take calculus 2.

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the [calculus] class? The easiest?

Derivatives were harder, but differentiation was the earliest.

Before you took Calculus 1, can you describe the mental image you had of a STEM scientist or researcher? What did they look like?

Before calculus 1 my image of a scientist in STEM was that it’s someone with vast knowledge of multiple topics, but they are typically white men from at least upper middle class families or a family of researchers.

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1? Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

I am interested in biological systems and cancer research, I feel like calculus 1 did not relate to those interests at all.

I want to ask you some questions about your instructor now. You may not remember all the specifics; that is totally fine. First, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

Not much feedback was given back on work unless it was incorrect.

How often would you say that you received partial credit?

I received partial credit for most assignments.

How often did the instructor call on you in class when you raised your hand? What about when you didn’t raise your hand?

When my hand was raised I got called on decently, but not really if my hand wasn’t raised.

Did you feel like you had a good Calculus I instructor? As in: did they explain topics well, listen to you, and help you to understand the hard topics? Were they available for office hours? Did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

I feel like the instructor was not the best at explaining topics to the class, but they tried to give better explanations when they could.

How was your Calculus I classroom run? As in: did the instructor lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kinds of assignments and assessments did you have? Were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

The instructor mostly lectured and it did not feel like we were able to ask many questions. 

Did you end up taking Calculus II? Why or why not?

I didn’t go to take calculus 2, because it is not needed for my major.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful!!

No problem, thank you.
