Let’s begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

I am trans-female

What about your racial/ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

No i don’t mind, I am white

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing? If it’s a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree(s) in?

I am getting my degree in Statistics and data science

When did you take Calculus I at CU?

I took calculus fall 2022

And what was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to Calculus 1?

I had taken trigonometry

What field did you think you wanted to go into before Calculus 1? Did taking Calculus 1 change that at all?

I wanted to go into data sciences

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why? Did you feel motivated to continue to Calculus 2?

I struggled, due to the speed of the course and I had a hard time grasping the concepts. I don’t feel as confident for calculus 2

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the [calculus] class? The easiest?

The hardest was limits and the easiest was derivatives.

Before you took Calculus 1, can you describe the mental image you had of a STEM scientist or researcher? What did they look like?

I thought of someone who had glasses and was in their late middle ages.

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1? Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

I’m interested in data analysis and statistics, which I felt didn’t really relate as closely to calculus.

I want to ask you some questions about your instructor now. You may not remember all the specifics; that is totally fine. First, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

I was praised sometimes.

How often would you say that you received partial credit?

Partial credit was given all the time for everything 

How often did the instructor call on you in class when you raised your hand? What about when you didn’t raise your hand?

I was called on pretty often but never when my hand was down.

Did you feel like you had a good Calculus I instructor? As in: did they explain topics well, listen to you, and help you to understand the hard topics? Were they available for office hours? Did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

The instructor was ok, they could answer questions multiple ways to help us understand, but they were rarely in the office for office hours.

How was your Calculus I classroom run? As in: did the instructor lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kinds of assignments and assessments did you have? Were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

Students could ask some questions but we weren’t given any collaborative assignments.

Did you end up taking Calculus II? Why or why not?

Yes, it’s a part of my major requirement.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful!!

Of course thank you for interviewing me
