Let's begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I as your gender identity?

Not at all. I identify as female.

What about your racial and ethnic background? Would you mind sharing that as well? 

I am of Asian descent.

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing is a graduate degree what was your undergraduate degree

I am a sophomore undergraduate student pursuing a degree in Psychology

When did you take calculus at CU?

I took it last fall.

What was the highest mathematics course you had to take in before you get to Calculus One?

I took pre-Calculus in high school.

Did you think you wanted to go into before calculus one and it taking calculus one change that at all?

Before taking Calculus 1, I thought I wanted to go into a field that did not require much math. However, after taking the class and enjoying it, I am now considering a major that will require more mathematics. 

How did you how did you feel like you did in the classroom in terms of your conceptual understanding why do you feel that way? And did you feel motivated to continue to calculus two?

I felt like I did very well back as far as motivated to continue calculus to enjoy the class I wanted to further my understanding of mathematics.

what were the hardest topics taught in the class or what were the easiest?

The hardest topic for me was limits. The easiest topic was derivatives. 

before you took calculus one, can you describe the mental image you had of a stem scientist or researcher?

Before I took Calculus 1, I thought of a STEM scientist or researcher as someone who was extremely intelligent and good at math. They usually looked like they were in their late 20s or early 30s, and they were usually white or Asian.

Could you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking calculus one. Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

Before taking calculus one, psychology, sociology history. I did not feel like these were related to calculus at all. 

I'm going to ask you a few questions about your instructor. You may not remember everything, which is fine. But how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

I remember the instructor praising my work intermittently told us often would

would you say that you receive partial credit for your work?

I receive partial credit on a majority of the majority of assesments.

the instructor call you in class when you had your hand raised? What about we didn't have your hand raised?

The instructor called on me in class when I raised my hand occasionally. When I didn’t raise my hand, the instructor seldom called on me. 

Did you feel like you had a good Calculus I instructor? Did you feel they explained the topics well and listen to your concerns about the topics? How often did they help you explain and understand hot topics were they available for office hours? And did they show you applications for your learning?

Yes, I felt like I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were available for office hours, and they showed me the applications of what I was learning.

How was your calculus one class run did the instructor lecture a lot? Did they tell you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work together with other students? What kind of assessments and assignments did you do you guys have? And were there ever class discussions or was input ever allow from the students?

 The Calculus one classroom was run fairly well. to learn that occasionally it's time to go example problems and a lot of so a lot of to work with other students and a variety of assignments and assessments, including class sessions and input from students.

Did you end up taking calculus one calculus two I'm sorry. Why or why not? Did you end up taking calculus two.

I did not. Because I decided to pursue a different major.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful for your participation. In your time.

No problem, thank You

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
