I am a woman.

I am of Chinese descent.

I am currently pursuing a Master of Science in Information Systems at Cu boulder. My undergraduate degree was in Information Systems from CU Boulder.

I took Calculus I at CU in the spring 2019.

The highest mathematics course that I took before I got to Calculus 1 was Pre-Calculus

I was interested in going into engineering before I took Calculus 1, but the course didn't really change that. I'm still interested in engineering and think it would be a great career choice.

I felt like I had a good conceptual understanding of the material in Calculus 1. I was motivated to continue to Calculus 2 because I wanted to further my understanding of the concepts.

I found the topics on limits and derivatives to be the hardest topics in the class. The easiest topics were probably on integration and differentiation.

Before I took Calculus 1, I thought of a STEM scientist or researcher as someone who was very intelligent and knew a lot about math and science. They were probably someone who wore glasses and was always
working on some sort of experiment or project.

I was interested in math and science before taking Calculus 1. I didn't really feel like these related to calculus, but I was interested in the concepts nonetheless.

I remember the instructor praising my work often. They were always very encouraging and supportive.

I would say that I received partial credit often. The instructor was always willing to give partial credit for work that was partially correct.

The instructor called on me often when I raised my hand. They also called on me sometimes when I didn't raise my hand, but I don't remember how often that happened.

I felt like I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were available for office hours and did show me the applications
of what I was learning.

The classroom was run well. The instructor lectured, showed us how to do example problems, and allowed us to work with other students. We had a variety of assignments and assessments, including class
discussions and input from students.

I ended up taking Calculus II because I wanted to further my understanding of the concepts.

You're welcome. Thank you for the opportunity to participate in this interview.
