Not at all. I identify as female.

I am of Asian descent.

I am a sophomore undergraduate student pursuing a degree in Psychology

I took it last fall.

I took Pre-Calculus in high school.

Before taking Calculus 1, I thought I wanted to go into a field that did not require much math. However, after taking the class and enjoying it, I am now considering a major that will require more mathematics.

I felt like I did fairly well in Calculus 1. I was motivated to continue to Calculus 2 because I enjoyed the class and wanted to further my understanding of mathematics.

The hardest topic for me was limits. The easiest topic was derivatives.

Before I took Calculus 1, I thought of a STEM scientist or researcher as someone who was extremely intelligent and good at math. They usually looked like they were in their late 20s or early 30s, and they
were usually white or Asian.

My academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1 included psychology, sociology, and history. I did not feel like these were related to calculus at all.

I remember the instructor praising my work intermittently throughout the semester.

I would say that I received partial credit on a majority of the assignments.

The instructor called on me in class when I raised my hand occasionally. When I didn’t raise my hand, the instructor seldom called on me.

#I felt a little bit uncomfortable when I was called on when my hand wasn't raised.

Yes, I felt like I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were available for office hours, and they showed me the
applications of what I was learning.

The Calculus I classroom was run fairly well. The instructor lectured occasionally, showed us how to do example problems, and allowed us to work with other students. We had a variety of assignments and
assessments, including class discussions and input from students.

I did not end up taking Calculus II because I decided to pursue a different major.

No problem, thank you for the opportunity!
