Not at all! I am male.

I don't mind sharing my background with you. I am of Chinese descent.

I am currently pursuing a PhD in Artificial Intelligence. My undergraduate degree was in Computer Science.

I took Calculus I at CU in Spring 2019.

The highest mathematics course I took before Calculus 1 was Precalculus.

I wanted to go into the field of computer science before taking Calculus 1. However, after taking Calculus 1, I became interested in mathematics as well and decided to minor in mathematics.

I felt like I did well in the class in terms of my conceptual understanding. I was motivated to continue to Calculus 2 because I found the material to be interesting and enjoyed the challenge of the course.

The hardest topic taught in the calculus class was integration. The easiest topic was differentiation.

Before I took Calculus 1, my mental image of a STEM scientist or researcher was that they were white-collar workers who worked in offices.

Some of my academic interests before taking Calculus 1 were computer science and mathematics. I felt that these related to calculus because they are both logical and require critical thinking.

I remember the instructor praising my work frequently.

I would say that I received partial credit frequently.

The instructor called on me in class frequently when I raised my hand. They also called on me occasionally when I didn't raise my hand.

#I felt fine when I was called on when my hand wasn't raised.

I felt that I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were also available for office hours and showed me the
applications of what I was learning.

The Calculus I classroom was run well. The instructor lectured a lot, but also showed us how to do example problems. We were allowed to work with other students, and we had a variety of assignments and
assessments, including class discussions and input from students.

Yes, I ended up taking Calculus II. I found the material to be interesting and enjoyed the challenge of the course.

Thank you for interviewing me. I enjoyed sharing my experiences with you.

