I do not mind. I am male.

I do not mind. I am white.

I am currently pursuing a Masters in Artificial Intelligence. I completed my undergraduate degree in Computer Science.

I took Calculus I in Spring 2020.

I had previously taken Linear Algebra.

Before I took Calculus 1, I thought I wanted to go into the field of computer science. Calculus 1 didn't really change that for me, but it did solidify my interest in mathematics and physics.

I felt like I did pretty well in Calculus 1 in terms of my conceptual understanding. I was motivated to continue on to Calculus 2 because I found the material interesting and wanted to learn more.

I found the hardest topics in Calculus 1 to be limits and derivatives. The easiest topics were integration and differentiation.

Before I took Calculus 1, I imagined that a STEM scientist or researcher would look like someone who was really good at math and science.

Some of my academic interests before taking Calculus 1 were computer science and mathematics. I didn't really feel like these related to calculus at all, but I found the material interesting nonetheless.

I remember the instructor praising my work regularly.

I would say that I received partial credit fairly often.

The instructor called on me in class fairly often when I raised my hand. When I didn't raise my hand, the instructor didn't call on me as often.

#I didn't mind being called on when my hand wasn't raised. I was just happy to be able to participate in the class.

I felt like I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were available for office hours and showed me the applications of
what I was learning.

Our Calculus I classroom was quite structured. The instructor lectured a lot and showed us how to do example problems. We were allowed to work with other students, but there wasn't a lot of opportunity for
class discussion or input from students. The assignments and assessments were mostly focused on problem-solving and understanding the concepts.

I did end up taking Calculus II. I wanted to continue learning the material and I thought it would be useful for my future studies.

Thank you for having me. It was my pleasure to participate.
