Not at all! I am male.

I am of Asian descent.

I am currently working towards my PhD in Computer Science. I completed my undergraduate studies in Computer Science and Mathematics. I am currently working towards my PhD in Computer Science. I completed my
undergraduate studies in Computer Science and Mathematics.

I took Calculus I at CU during the Fall semester of 2018.

The highest mathematics course that I took before I got to Calculus 1 was Pre-Calculus.

I thought I wanted to go into the field of computer science before taking Calculus 1. However, after taking Calculus 1, I realized that I was more interested in mathematics and decided to pursue that field
instead.

I felt like I did fairly well in the class in terms of my conceptual understanding. I was motivated to continue to Calculus 2 because I found it to be a challenging and interesting subject.

I found the hardest topics in the class to be limits and continuity. The easiest topics were differentiation and integration

Before taking Calculus 1, I had a mental image of a STEM scientist or researcher as someone who was white, male, and middle-aged.

Some of my academic interests before taking Calculus 1 included computer science and mathematics. I did not feel like these related to calculus at all.

I remember the instructor praising my work occasionally.

I received partial credit on a few occasions.

The instructor called on me in class occasionally, both when I raised my hand and when I didn’t.

Yes, I felt like I had a good Calculus I instructor. They explained topics well, listened to me, and helped me to understand the hard topics. They were also available for office hours and showed me the
applications of what I was learning.

The instructor in my Calculus I classroom lectured a lot and showed us how to do example problems. We were allowed to work with other students, and we had assignments and assessments that were both individual
and group-based. There were also class discussions where input was allowed from students.

Yes, I ended up taking Calculus II. I found it to be a challenging and interesting subject that I wanted to learn more about.

Thank you for interviewing me!
