Let’s begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

What about your racial/ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing? If it’s a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree in?

When did you take Calculus I at CU?

And what was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to Calculus 1?

What field did you think you wanted to go into before Calculus 1? Did taking Calculus 1 change that at all?

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why? Did you feel motivated to continue to Calculus 2?

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the [calculus] class? The easiest?

Before you took Calculus 1, can you describe the mental image you had of a STEM scientist or researcher? What did they look like?

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking Calculus 1? Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

I want to ask you some questions about your instructor now. You may not remember all the specifics; that is totally fine. First, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

How often would you say that you received partial credit?

How often did the instructor call on you in class when you raised your hand? What about when you didn’t raise your hand?

#How did you feel when you were called on when your hand wasn't raised?

Did you feel like you had a good Calculus I instructor? As in: did they explain topics well, listen to you, and help you to understand the hard topics? Were they available for office hours? Did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

How was your Calculus I classroom run? As in: did the instructor lecture a lot? Did the show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kinds of assignments and assessments did you have? Were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

Did you end up taking Calculus II? Why or why not?

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful!!
