Let's ask a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. Firstly, do you mind if I ask about your gender identity? I am a woman What about your racial and ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

I am of Chinese descent

now what degree are you currently pursuing a visit graduate degree what was your undergraduate degree in?

I'm currently pursuing a bachelor's and master science and Carolyn pursuing a Master of Science in Information Systems at CU. Boulder. My undergraduate degree was information systems from sea otter.

When did you take calculus calculus one at CU?

at CU? Calculus one su let's bring 29 Two

and what was your highest mathematics course that you had taken before you get to

Calculus One the highest mathematics course that I took before I got to calculus for pre checkers

what Bill did you think you wanted to go into before taking calculus one? It didn't take in calculus one affect that at

all. I was interested in going into engineering before the calculus one. So of course didn't really change that still interested in engineering? And think that it will be a great career choice? what Bill did

you think you went for? I'm sorry? How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding of the content? And why did you feel that way? And does you feel motivated to continue to calculus to

like I had a good social understanding of the material calculus of motivated to continue to calculus to allow me to further my understanding.

In your opinion, what were the hardest? What was the hardest topic taught in the class? And what was the easiest?

On limits and derivatives to be the hardest topic to pass the easiest topics about like integration differentiation.

Before you took calculus one, can you describe for me a mental image you had of a stem or stem scientist or researcher

of words and calculus one, a lot of the same scientists or researchers, someone who was very intelligent, and know a lot about math and science. They're always on or glasses. I was always working on some sort of experiment can you describe

some of your academic and personal interests before taking calculus one? And did you feel like these related to taking calculus one

of them was interested in math and science before taking calculus one and really feel like he's related to calculus, but I was interested in concepts nonetheless. Okay,

now I'd like to ask you some questions about your professor. You may not exactly remember everything, but that's okay as well. First, how often do you remember your instructor praising your

work? The instructor praising my work Lawsky they were all always very encouraging and supportive.

How often would you say you receive partial credit for

your work? Wasn't that I receive the truth very often. Instructor was always willing to get partial credit for the workout version Correct?

How often do you recall your instructor calling on you in class when you raise your hand versus when you didn't? And how did you feel when you were caught on when your hand wasn't raised?

Caught on the often will raise my hand. They also call me sometimes when I didn't raise my hand. I don't remember how often I happen. Okay.

Do you feel like you had a good catalyst one instructor, for example. Did they explain topics well? Did you feel like they listened to you when you asked questions and helped you to understand the heart topics? And were they available for their office hours and show you applications of what you were learning?

Like I had a good calculus when I shot explained topics will listen to me and help me to understand the hard topics. They were available for office hours he showed me the applications of what I was learning

how was your packet was one class or run as you can recall it, the instructor lecture you a lot, lecture a lot. Did they show classroom example problems of the content? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kind of assessments and assignments were you given? In? Were there ever class discussions? Or was input ever allowed for us to this?

Question was on Well, instructor lecture shows how to do example folks, and allowed us to work with other students had a variety of assignments and assessments, including class discussions and input from students.

In for my final question, did you ever end up taking calculus two after completing calculus one, why or why

not? taking calculus too, because I wanted to further my understanding so. Well,

that's all the questions I have for you. Thank you so much for your participation.

You're welcome. For the opportunity to participate in this interview.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
