So let's begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant in firstly, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

I'm non binary.

What about your racial ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

I'm actually native descent

Okay, now what degree are you currently pursuing? And if is a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree in?

Currently, I'm getting my bachelor's in Molecular Cellular and Developmental Biology

Okay, when did you take calculus one at CU Boulder?

Bring 2022

And what was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to see calculus one.

I took PreCalculus before in high school

what food did you think you wanted to go into before calculus one and didn't take any calculus one change that at all.

I wanted to go into the biomedical field and calculus did not change it really?

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of conceptual understanding? Why did you feel that way? And did you feel motivated to continue to calculus to

I feel like I didn't get much conceptual understanding of the coursework because the class was very fast paced. It's not motivated to take calculus do

in your own opinion. What were the hardest topics taught in the calculus class? And what were the easiest topics?

derivatives were harder but differentiate the differentiation with the easiest.

And before you took calculus one, can you describe the mental image you had of a stem scientist or researcher? What did they look like to you?

For calculus, one image of a scientist stem was that it's someone with fast knowledge of multiple kinetics, but they are typically white men from at least upper middle class families or family of researchers.

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking calculus one? It is equally like these relate like they related to

each interested in biological systems and cancer research I feel it's fabulous one did not relate to the internet.

Okay, now I want to ask you some questions about your restricting. You may not remember the specifics which is totally fine. First how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

There wasn't much written on work unless it was incorrect.

How often did you would you say that you receive partial credit.

Credit for most of the assignments

How did the instructor call on you in class when you raise your hand? And what about when you didn't raise your hand?

When my hand was raised, I got called on pretty decently but really if my aim was

Did you feel like you had a good calculus instructor as in? Did they explain topics well and listen to you? And did they help you understand hot topics? Were they available for office hours? And did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

I feel like the instructor was not the best at explaining these topics to the class but they tried to give better explanations than they could.

How was your calculus one class run? Did they lecture a lot? Did they show you how to explain like how to do example problems? Where are you allowed to work with other students? And what kind of assignments and assessments did you have and were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

You structure mostly lecture did not feel it were able to ask any questions

and did you end up taking calculus two why not?

Got into calculus two because it's not necessary for

Well that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for your participation in this interview. And I'm extremely grateful.

Thank you for having me.

I

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
