Let's begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. Firstly, do you mind if I ask your gender identity what about your racial and ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well? 

I do not mind sharing my background with you. I am of Chinese descent

now, what degree are you currently pursuing? And if it's a graduate degree what was your undergraduate degree in?

currently pursuing a PhD in artificial intelligence undergraduate experience and computer science?

What was the time period in which you take calculus one at CU?

Calculus one so you I'm spraying for the night

and what was the highest course that you had taken before you got calculus one

is mathematics course I took four titles one was pretty ridiculous

what Bill did you think he wanted to go into before you taking calculus one and then taking calculus one change that wanted to go into

the field of Geoscience before taking calculus one whatever. So taking calculus one came here interested in mathematics as well and decided to minor in Mathematics

How do you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding of the topics? And y Do you feel that way? And do you feel motivated to continue to caucus to

gonna do well in class in terms of my conceptual understanding? I was motivated to continue calculus two because I found the material to be interesting. I enjoy the challenge of course

in your opinion,

what were their hardest topics taught in the class? And what was the easiest

hardest topic taught in the class was integration ease this topic was differentiation.

Before you took calculus one can you describe the mental image you had of a stem scientist or researcher? What did they look like to

you? For to

Calculus One, I meant to image of a stem scientist or researchers was that they were white collar workers working

Can you describe your academic and personal interests before taking calculus one? Did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

So my academic interests before was one English science mathematics. Like these relate to calculus because they were they are logical and critical.

Okay, now I want to shift topics a little bit and ask you questions about your professor. You may not remember all the specifics, which is totally fine. First off, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

Or the instructor praising at work center?

How often did the instructor call on you in class when you raise your hand? How often did they call me when you didn't raise your hand?

They started to call on me in class frequently when I raised my hand they also called on me occasionally when I didn't raise my hand so fun when I was called on one hand

my hand was raised

Did you feel like you had a good calculus one instructor as in did you feel they explained topics well and listen to your concerns and help you understand the topics and where they available for office hours and show you applications of what we're avoiding? We're learning in class.

Calculus when they explain topics well, listen to me. And help me to understand the hard topics are also available for office hours. Show me the applications of what I was learning. So skip

How often would you say you received partial credit for your work?

I will say that I receive partial clear frequently.

How was your calculus one classroom Brent is in the structure with the instructor lecture a lot Did they show how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? And additionally, what kind of assignments and assessments did you have? And were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed

students?

It was wonderful fashion was a structured lecture a lot that also showed us how to do exactly the topics are allowed to work with other students. And we have variety of assessments and assignments, including class discussion echo studio.

Did you ever end up taking calculus to

why or why not?

Yes, I ended up taking calculus to found the materials be interesting and enjoy the challenge of course. Well,

that about wraps things up. Thank you for participating in this interview and I'm extremely grateful.

Thanks for interviewing me.

I enjoy sharing my experiences with you

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
