Let's begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask your gender identity?

No, it's okay. Um, I am female.

What about your racial and ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

No, not not at all. I'm Irish and Honduran.

Now, what degree are you currently pursuing? If it's a graduate degree? What was your undergraduate degree in?

My undergrad was and a Bachelors of astronomy.

When did you take calculus one at CU?

I took it in the fall of one at 21.

What was your highest mathematics course that you had taken before? You got to calculus one so

I believe that was pretty calc what Phil

did you think you want it to go into before calculus one, it didn't take in calculus one change read at all.

I still wanted to go into strongly but calculus one and change that.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why do you feel it that way? And did you feel motivated to continue on the calculus to

probably get it okay, and understanding of the concepts, but I feel less confident after taking tackles to

your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the class and what were the easiest

I would say the hardest class our charged topic was derivatives and then the easiest I would say integration.

Before you to Calculus One, can you describe the mental image you had of a stem scientist or researcher? What did they look like to you?

I would say look like a middle aged white man. Would

you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking calculus one. And did you feel like these related to calculus one at all?

I would say to me my interest would be spa conference. And so aspects of space and I felt like they were loosely related to calculus. Okay,

now I want to ask you some questions about your instructor. You may not remember all the specifics, and that's totally fine. First half, do you remember the instructor praising your work?

I believe I was praised. On occasion.

How often would you say that you received partial credit for your work?

partial credit was definitely

and how often did the instructor Colin you in class when you had your hand where he's in? What about when you did it? Raise your hand.

I was calling decently but only sometimes when my hand is

did you feel like you had a good calculus instructor? As in? Did they explain the topics well and listen to you and help you to understand the harder topics. When were they available for office hours? Did they show you the applications of what you were learning?

I would say the instructor was okay. And I mean by that is that they moved really fast or fast across topics that they didn't really give extra explanations.

How was your calculus? Work? Classroom run? For example, did the instructor lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do example problems? Were they were you allowed to work with other students? And what kind of assignments and assessments did you have and were there ever class discussion or was input ever allow from the students?

class? The class was encouraged special occasion. But not often. We mostly just took our notes from all the instructors

and did you end up taking calculus to why or why not?

Yes, I did. It was a major.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you so much for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful.

Thank you so much for interviewing me.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
