Let's begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. Firstly, do you mind if I asked your gender identity?

I am male.

What about your racial and ethnic background? Do you mind if I share that as well?

I like

Now what about the degree you're currently pursuing? If it's a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree in?

Getting my bachelor's in creative technology design.

When did you take calculus one at CU Boulder?

Fall of 2020

What was the highest mathematics course you had to take it before you got to Calculus One,

two trigonometry.

what Bill did you think you wanted to go into before calculus one? And did taking calculus one chase that at all

interested in web design?

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why do you feel that way? And did you feel motivated to continue on to calculus Tim?

I understood the drawing confused after the whole course. I didn't feel confident as a memory.

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the class and what were the easiest

hardest topic was continuity, and the easiest was integration.

And before taking calculus one can you describe the mental image you had of a stem scientist, a researcher? What did they look like?

My back to them is old white been working for a very long time. Can you please grab

some of your academic and personal interests before taking calculus one is you will like these related to calculus that

was interested in art design in calculus one deep give me a little more interested on that Africans in the course.

Okay, now when I ask you some questions about your sector, you may not remember all the specifics which is confined. First, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

was patiently given feedback.

How often would you say that you received partial credit for your work?

partial credit was given on everything

and how often did the instructor call on you in class we Your hand was raised and what about when you didn't have your hand raised?

I would get called on occasionally but never when my hand was down.

Did you feel like you had a good calculus instructor? For example. Did they explain the topics well listen to you and help you understand the heart topics or were they available for office hours and did they show you the applications of what you're alerting

instructor was pretty good is available for his office hours. Even answered his emails on time.

How is your calculus one classroom run as in the instructor lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do example problems were you allowed to work with other students? And what kind of assignments and assessments did you have in Were there ever discussions or was the input ever allowed from students?

Oh, it's very collaborative. We discuss problems and files that weren't understood.

And did you end up taking calculus to why or why not?

Yes, I did. Let's say major require

that wraps things up. Thank you for participating in this interview. I am extremely grateful. You're welcome.

You

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
