Let's begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I asked you about your gender identity?

No, I don't. I am a trans female.

What about your racial and ethnic background? Do you mind sharing that as well?

No, I don't mind I'm white.

Now, what about what degree you're currently pursuing? If it's a graduate degree, what was your undergraduate degree? In?

I'm currently getting a degree in statistics and data needs.

When did you take calculus one at CU Boulder?

I took it and fall of 2022.

And what was the highest mathematics course you had to take him before you get to Calculus One.

Trigonometry I believe.

what Bill did you think you wanted to go into before calculus one it didn't calculus one change that at all.

Know I wanted to go into data science. I'd say it and change.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why do you feel that way? And did you feel motivated to continue to calculus two.

I struggled during the speed of the course and I had a hard time grasping the concepts. I really don't feel confident for calculus two, to be honest.

Your opinion what were the hardest topics taught in the calculus class? In what were the easiest?

The hardest, I would say worrying limits and the easiest derivatives.

Before you took calculus one, can you describe the mental image you had of a stem scientist or researcher? What did they look like to you?

I would say it's a person in there who mentally ages with knobbly glasses.

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking calculus one? And did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

My interest were in that analysis and statistics, which I felt really didn't relate closely to calculus. Okay,

now I want to ask you some questions about your instructor. You may not remember all the specifics, which is totally fine. First off, how often do you remember the instructor praising your work?

I was right sometimes.

How often would you say that you receive partial credit. I would say martial credit was given every time How often did the instructor calling you in class when you raise your hand? What about when you didn't have your hand raised

when my hand was raised, it was pretty often but when my hand was down, not at all.

Did you feel like you had a good calculus instructor. For example. Did they explain topics well and listen to you? Did they help you to understand hard topics were they available for office hours? Did they show you the application of what you were learning?

I'd say my instructor was okay. They would answer the questions multiple ways to help us understand but they rarely were in their office during office hours.

How was your calculus one class run? Did the instructor mostly lecture a lot? Did they show you how to do practice problems and example problems were you allowed to work with other students? What kind of assignments and assessments did you have? And were there ever class discussions or was input ever allowed from students?

We were allowed to ask questions sometimes but we weren't really given collaborative mix together.

Did you end up taking calculus one? Why or why not? I mean, calculus two I apologize.

Yes, I did take out those two. It was a major reform.

Well, that about wraps things up. Thank you. So much for participating in this interview. I'm extremely grateful.

Of course. Thank you for everyone.

I You

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
