Okay, let's begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. Firstly, do you mind if I asked your gender identity?

I'm a female.

What about your racial and ethnic background? You might share that as well.

I'm Hispanic.

Now what about the degree you are currently pursuing? What is that in? This is a graduate degree what was your undergraduate degree in

getting your graduate degree in aerospace engineering?

When did you take calculus one, I see you.

I took calculus one in the fall of 2019.

And what was the highest mathematic course you had taken? Prior to Calculus One?

I had taken AP calculus in high school.

what Bill did you think you wanted to go into before calculus one and did taking calculus one change that at all?

I wanted to go into building aircrafts for the military and calculus one didn't change that.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why did you feel that way? And did you feel motivated to take calculus two?

Do I did well, understanding the concepts needed my previous capitalist experiences that I felt well prepared to calculate to

your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught and what were the easiest topics taught in the class?

Hardest topics were derivatives and continuity, but integration was the easiest to make.

Before you took calculus one can you describe to me the mental image you had of a stem scientist? A researcher and what did they look like?

Sounds like this is a thin, old white Asian person with glasses and salt and pepper here.

He described some of your academic and personal interests before taking calculus one. And did you feel like these related to calculus that

I was interested in in trigonometry and other related maths and the calculus course were very related to my interests? Okay,

now I want to ask you a few questions about your instructor. You may not remember all the specific details, which is fine. But firstly, how often do you remember your instructor praising your work?

Or texting too often?

How often would you say that you receive partial credit?

I always received some form of partial credit.

And how often did the instructor call on you in class when you had your hand raised? And what about when you did it? Raise your hand

remember? How often

did you feel like you had a good calculus instructor? For example, did they explain the topics well listen to you and help you understand hard topics and did they show you the applications of what you were learning? And get in where they available for office hours?

The instructor was good. She was open to explaining topics several times if needed, and she could give different real world examples of both concepts with learning.

How was your tackle is one class Ron. Did the instructor mostly lecture did they show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? And what kind of assignments and assessments did you have? Were there ever class discussions or was the input ever allowed or encouraged from students?

class was not very collaborative, but plushies and square welcome during lecture.

Ben, did you end up taking calculus to why or why not?

Yes. I was intrigued and it's a horse for money.

Well, that about wraps everything up. Thank you for participating in my survey. I really appreciate it and I'm extremely grateful. Thanks so much.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
