Your identity

what about your racial and ethnic background? Do you mind share that as well?

I do not find

now that we've gotten that, what degree are you currently pursuing is a graduate degree what was your undergraduate degree in?

pursuing a master's in artificial intelligence completed my undergraduate degree.

When did you take calculus one at CU?

Calculus one spring?

What was the highest mathematics course that you had taken before you got to Calculus One

and previously taken linear algebra.

What did you think you want it to go into before taking calculus one? And did taking calculus one change that at all?

Before calculus one, to one to go to the field of computer science practice, when did it really change that for me? But it is sort of solidified my interest in mathematics and physics.

How did you feel like you did in the class in terms of your conceptual understanding? Why did you feel that way? And did you feel motivated to continue to calculus to

enter into this one in terms of my conceptual understanding? I was motivated to continue on to calculus two, because I found the material interesting and want to learn more.

In your opinion, what were the hardest topics taught in the class versus the easiest topics

or topics in calculus one, we limit it and derivatives easiest topics for integration and differentiation.

Before you took calculus, one can use grab the mental image you had of a staff scientist or researcher. What did they look like to you?

A horse in calculus? I imagine that a stem scientist or researcher will look like someone who was really good at math and science.

He this guy. Wait

Can you describe some of your academic and personal interest before taking calculus one? And did you feel like these related to calculus at all?

So my academic interests before taking calculus one, pure science and mathematics. I didn't really feel like these related to characters but I found the material interesting

Okay, now I would like to ask you some questions about your instructors. You may not remember all the specifics, which is completely fine. First off, how often did you remember the instructor praising your work?

present my work.

How often would you say you receive partial credit for your work?

Or receive partial credit fairly often?

How often did the instructor column you in class when you raise your hand? How often did they call me when you didn't raise your hand?

They start to call on me in class fairly often when I raise my hand. I didn't raise my hand this targeted didn't call me at all.

You felt like you had a good calculus one instructor as in do you feel they explained topics well and listen to your concerns? Did you? Did they help you understand hot topics and were they available for office hours and if they show you the applications of what you were learning

Hey, good guy Coast bonus structure. Explain topics well listen to me. And help me to understand the hard topics. They were available foams and show me the applications of what I was learning.

How was your calculus one class for rent? As in, get the instructor lecture a lot. And so you had to do example problems where you were allowed to work with others and class, what kind of assignments and assessments did you have? And were there ever class discussions? Or was input allowed from

students? Okay, because one facet was one quick search and search religion alone and showed us how to do example problems. were allowed to work with other students. There wasn't a lot of opportunity for class discussion or interest. From students. Assignments and Assessments were mostly focused on problem solving.

If you ended up taking calculus two after taking calculus one, why or why not?

Take two characters. To a one to continue learning the material, thought it will be useful for future studies.

Well, thank you for allowing me to interview you and participating in this interview. I appreciate your participation, your participation

Thank you for having me. It was my pleasure.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
