Okay, let's begin with a few questions to get a sense of who you are as a participant. First, do you mind if I ask you your gender identity what about your race and ethnicity? Do you mind telling that information as well now what degree are you currently pursuing Mr. Graduate Degree? What was your undergraduate degree

in? Course my peers were bringing my undergraduate students kicking us out for athletics are currently working towards my PhD plan to mark graduate studies in computer science

when did you take calculus one?

C. Calculus one su fall semester

what was the highest mathematics course you had taken before? You got the capitalist one?

See? my torso to Florida is PreCalculus

what Bill Do you think? You want it to look real? Did you think he wanted to go in before you took calculus one and didn't take in calculus one change all that

magical one to feel for taking time to respond. After tick tock through Alaska with more interesting mathematics to show that

how did you feel like you did in in the class in terms of conceptual understanding? Why do you feel it? Why did you feel that way? And did you feel motivated to continue to calculus to

solve fairly well. motivated to continue to catch those two have that found it to be a challenge to be challenging and interesting subject.

Your pain of the class what were the easiest topics taught it? What were the toughest topics pop?

Found the hardest topic class to be limited. And to me, the easiest topics were differentiation and integration.

Before taking calculus one, can you describe for me the mental image you had of a stem scientist or researcher? What did they look like to you?

Fortunately intact and it meant to enrich of history scientists are researching someone with white male privilege.

Do you describe some of your academic and personal interests before taking calculus one? And did you feel like these interests related to the calculus class at all?

For science and mathematics did not feel like these relate to calculus at all.

Okay, now I'm going to move on and ask you some questions about your calculus instructor. Now, you may not remember all the specifics, which is totally fine. First, how often do you remember this director praising your work?

Will be a shift a crazy model?

How often would you say you receive partial credit for

your work? Or receive partial credit on a few occasions?

How often did the instructor call you when you raise your hand versus when you didn't raise

your hand? So to call them in class occasionally when I raise my hand and when I did it

did you feel like you had a good calculus instructor as in? Did they explain the topics well? Did they listen to your concerns and help you understand hot topics? Were they were they available for office hours it show you the applications of what you were

learning? Yes, I felt like I had a good calculus one. And they explained topics both listened to me. helped me to understand the hard topics. They're also available Office Hours show me the application I was learning

how was your calculus one classroom run? As in did the instructor lecture lot? Did they show you how to do example problems? Were you allowed to work with other students? What kind of assignments and assessments do you have? Were there ever class discussions or was input ever allow for students

to instruct them like calculus like fashion like for both dimensions are allowed to work with other students. We've had this assessment and assignments that were both individual angles face there were also classifications for include was about

did you end up taking calculus one? Why and why Matt? Ended up taking calculus two, why not?

Yes, it was two. Oh, it's very challenging, interesting subject that I want to learn more about.

Thank you so much for your participation. That about wraps things up. I'm extremely grateful for your participation. Thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
